Hey they're surprised to see you there.
So we just finished an entire section on Python.
We learned the python language.
We learned the syntax and we can write Python now.
That's awesome.
But here's the thing.
Do you feel ready for the real world.
Do you know what to do with this newfound skill you see when you're first learning a language a really
hard jump is to learn the syntax and the rules of the language and then understanding how you can use
that in the real world to make your life better.
To improve a product to create value for a company that you work for and a lot of developers have this
crossroads that they encounter once they learn their first language and that is what now.
What projects do I build.
How is this useful.
Where can I use Python if you've gotten this far in the course.
This slide should make sense to you by now.
Because if I asked you the question where can you write Python code and have it work.
The answer should be pretty obvious right.
Because if we have a python file or multiple files that is modules and we have a python interpreter
or compiler then by having these two things we can run them anywhere that has a machine that has a computer
we can run it on our own computers our own laptops like we have been throughout the course we can even
run Python code on mobile again as long as we have an interpreter and some Python scripts we can run
those on mobile.
And if you google running Python on mobile you'll see just how to do that.
You can run Python on servers and servers at the end of the day are just computers.
So any computer any machine that understands ones and zeros is able to run Python code as long as we
have these two pieces and this is where the power comes in.
The power is that we now are able to use Python to do the tasks that as humans maybe we're not as good
as machines that is automating things doing things that are really repetitive doing them really fast.
That's why machines are so powerful maybe they're not as creative as humans maybe they can't speak or
write fictional novels but what they're really really good at are calculations simple tasks that they
can do thousands millions billions of times in a matter of seconds.
Something that humans can't do and we use python to help us as humans to be more productive to create
things so that our machines run our Python code and make our lives easier and throughout the next couple
of sections we're going to try and answer that for you.
That is we're going to show you where you can apply Python whether it is to your day to day life whether
it is to work for a company or maybe you want to create your own startup.
We're going to show you how you can apply the knowledge that you've just gained into different projects
your own personal projects for example because this is where Python shot python is one of the most popular
programming languages because it can be applied to lots of things.
How many things.
Well we can do web development.
We can do image processing.
We can send e-mails with Python.
We can even send texts with Python.
We can do machine learning with Python.
We can create our own twitter bots.
We can do data visualization and data analysis we can do something called Data scraping.
We can just do any general scripting with Python.
We can do automation and we can process files like PDX Excel files and many others and we're actually
going to show you and build projects around all of these topics in the upcoming sections.
I know.
Very exciting seems kind of overwhelming but the goal is now that we have the foundation of Python I
want to show you where we can apply this skill so that by the end we have all the tools necessary for
you to dominate the world as a python programmer and have this tool that you can utilize in anything
that you want.
It's a bold statement but it's very exciting.
And I think you're going to really like these next sections let's get started.